02182019 meeting notes

1.	Check  

2.	Ideas about features  

    i.	Apps that implements CO2 emissions + gamified and educative features  
    ii.	CO2 calculator about personal consumption -> how to optimise  
    iii.	Money saved from using the eco-friendly features*  
    iv.	Transport recommendation (short and long distances recommendation)  
    v.	CO2 fuel addition (bio fuel)*  
    vi.	Eco-friendly events (e.g. plastic bottle reduction use)*  
    vii.	Reuse of clothing material**  
    viii.	Do not waste later**  
    ix.	Achievements, badges  
    x.	Food recommendation (vegetarian cuisine)   
    xi.	Tasks (daily; user gets bonus points for doing these)  
    xii.	Installing solar panels**  
    xiii.	Buy a local produce(local farms, locations, recommendations)  
    xiv.	Deduce light pollution**  
    xv.	Energy-effective light bulb**  
    xvi.	Environmental groups*  
    
    xvii.	Personal details of the user:
    
        1.	Name, country of residence, picture  
        2.	Energy consumption AVG & CO2  

a.	Features  

    i.	Cuisine recommendation  
    ii.	Level up (tree grows up)  
    iii.	Log-in & Security (Google, Facebook)  
    v.	Transport recommendation with calculator(user puts information)  
    vi.	Public transport V Car  Bike (main idea is to encourage the user to use certain means of transport)  
    vii.	Energy consumption (e.g. solar panels – price comparison, shops to buy from, energy consumption and money saved up for certain amount of time. Educate the user)  
    viii.	Leader board  
    ix.	Share function for tasks, event 
    
b.	Screen – pictures for each page 

    i.	Home screen  
    ii.	Profile ((achievements + bio) + (type of car + description box))  
    iii.	Task circle + Task drop menu feature  
    iv.	Food section  
        1.	Cuisine recommendation(by country)  
            a.	Picture, points for food preparation  
            b.	Local farms(local produce encouragement)  
            c.	E.g. 44 meals, a lot of combinations*  
    v.	Energy  
    
        1.	Put information to calculate energy consumption  
        2.	Comparing to AVG people
        
    vi.	Transport 
    
        1.	Eco-friendly transportation encouragement*  
        2.	Kind of car box  
        3.	Google maps* (linked with CO2 calculator)  
        4.	TBD  
        
    vii.	First login for the day (Tips of the day) 
    
c.	DBs for application 

    1.	TBD  
    
d.	server 

    1.	TBD 
    
3.	UI  
    
    1. Pictures here  
    
4.	External resources

    1. TBD	    

  







TODO NEXT  
